Jan 18/22

Meeting notes:
-Hassan brought up how the booking and payment systems implemented by the previous group are not working properly. The time slot doesnâ€™t show up.
-Kimberlee mentioned she wants different currency options on the Stripe payment system and Hassan suggested adding Paypal.
-Kimberlee referred all the teams to the original email and suggested contacting the previous team to clear up the confusion around the booking system.
-Talked about getting Kimberlee to sign up for the Google Maps API.
-Ali talked about what he plans to do this semester (the dashboard).
-Cody asked what assets such as logos Kimberlee wants to use on the newer version of the site.
-Kimberlee will send out a folder with all the website assets

Here is our Google API key:
AIzaSyBLoF_U9lWDY7E6ED1tVXUEQgLv2ydvWI0